hey everyone and welcome to a weekend in
my life at Harvard in college so today I
am running from a meeting with my mentor
I love her so much
basically we had an amazing meeting but
I wanted to start off this vlog at
Friday night because basically the big
Harvard Brown game is today so I'm going
to the Harvard Brown game my friends
coming over she's gonna help me cut my
shirt I am in a cheerleading skirt and
probably a hat and I'm an assignment do
that I should do in like the next ten
minutes before we leave the tailgate
because that is my life right now so
yeah my Lucy's coming over she's gonna
help me with my assignment and cutting
my shirt and then you're gonna go to the
game and yeah so begins a typical or not
so typical weekend in my life in college
here we go this actually worked out I'm
really happy it's like lopsided but
that's okay
all right let's go see how Harvard
[Music]
oh yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
she watches my videos we're meeting up
for Mary Brown welcome to tailgate
season was it a madhouse
[Music]
[Applause]
look at that wait okay let's go
okay good morning everyone last night
was super fun so today is a busy day and
a really fun day today it's actually
good day for alpha P here so we're gonna
go welcome all the new members so I'm
gonna go pick up some coffee and fruit
we're having like a little brunch for
everyone I'm in my alpha fee main tea
and we're getting out all of them to the
freshmen as well which will be really
cute and I probably won't vlog any of it
just for the girls like privacy sake I
want to make sure everyone's okay with
it after that I have lunch with a friend
and then tonight we have College Fashion
Week with her campus which is super
exciting a typical night out tomorrow we
have a lot of events too and things to
get you and a lot of work to do so we're
gonna get all of that done and I'll take
you guys along and show you what a not
so typical slash there is no regular
weekend here but as typical as I can
show you weekend in my life here so also
you can see I'm very sleep-deprived we
had a night out last night um and I
didn't get much sleep so if I look
exhausted that is why the weekends are
not a time to catch up on sleep honestly
I think I get less sleep on the weekends
than I do during the week which is a
problem yeah anyway
let's go I really need to get a mirror
in my room because I don't have one but
I have this nice three-way one over here
that I use so ap shirt offends jeans
these shoes are nasty go little a little
bit day outfit so because it's the
weekend and I have a little more time to
be healthy I decide to make my own
dinner and I use green chef which is a
USDA certified organic company that
delivers fresh food and ingredients
straight to your door
which is Super Bowl the recipes have
step by step instructions and photos so
that you can see what you're doing and
follow along and there's several
different meal plans that you can choose
from like keto paleo balanced living and
plant powered so I chose that powered of
course which is super good so I decided
to make this teriyaki bowl and
everything comes prepackaged and
pre-measured for the recipe that you're
following so all you have to do is just
kind of follow along and just pop the
ingredients in when they tracked you to
so it's super easy
[Music]
so if you live in an apartment or have a
kitchen in your dorm room this is super
easy I unfortunately don't so I have to
go to a communal kitchen which is a
little bit of a hassle but I actually
love making my own food so it's worth it
and I ended up making this for me and a
friend which was super nice so if you
guys want to try out green chef and for
a total of seventy five dollars off so
that's 25 dollars off each of your first
day boxes go to green chef u.s. slash
Sienna 75 so that's green chef us slash
Sienna 75 and I hope you guys try it out
the fashion week that my hair is too wet
because I just came from yoga so running
running running hello
[Music]
you could be the second chances
so fast baby I will show you how you can
catch my vibrator so much time looping
in the blue lights
[Music]
hi guys so I just got back from the her
campus College Fashion Week in Boston
which was so fun oh my gosh I arrived
really late because I was working out
and then I had to shower and then I knew
you were and I did like an uber shared
because I wanted to save money and I was
not a good idea so I ended up getting
there really late and they were out of
like goodie bags that time I got there
which was sad but I had an amazing time
the looks were really cool I loved like
the body diversity of the models like on
the runway I think they did an
incredible job and they got a lot of
women that are really just
representative of their readers which i
think is incredible I did pick up a few
things so I bought some of these things
and some were given to me so I wanted to
show you guys this they gave to everyone
when they walked in which is a primary
gift card which is so cool so Primerica
was sponsoring all the runway looks no
idea how much is for but that is awesome
thank you and then these I got for free
flare which is a company that one of my
friend works for which creates bracelets
and then this was just a free sticker
this one I bought a little pin and it
says busy is this I bought cuz I really
liked it for my laptop this I bought -
girl you got that CEO glow that's me I'm
trying to be at least then I got this
really cute hill blue hat that's a girl
power and this is my little flower
arrangement that I made so yeah yes so
tonight is the Jersey party at the owl
which is a final Club and I'm going with
alpha Fiat and we're celebrating like
our bid day which is gonna be super fun
but I'm also a bumble rep so I'm gonna
go over
early to set up and make sure that
everything's good because we are
sponsoring the party with bumble my girl
gang my group of ambassadors and I are
gonna go over and set that up which is
gonna be really fun so I need to change
into a Jersey and luckily my friend gave
me a Golden State one so let's get ready
for a party okay so this is the foot for
tonight my friends Golden State Jersey
okay what you is mine it's not socks
that maybe don't go but that's okay and
a bumble hat because we're sponsoring
so let's go we gotta go setup get there
early
okay good morning everyone so I just did
my hair and makeup we had a really fun
night last night and I had to drag
myself out of bed and do my hair and
makeup and I'm still in my towel because
I'm the person that leaves around in
their towel for two hours after they get
out of the shower at least this time I
was productive so we're going to an
influencer brunch in Boston which is
with hoobie and they're launching their
new app called ping which basically
pairs influencers and brands together so
like if a brand has something like say
say a new restaurants opening and they
want to promote it they'll say hey we're
gonna give a free dinner to ten
influencers and all you have to do is
just post us on your story and tag us on
Instagram and so I've participated in
one a week or two ago at Zuma Boston
which was incredible and yeah now I'm
doing another one I think we're going to
cafeteria and it's celebrating the
launch of a fitness brand yeah should be
very exciting I'm also making myself a
quick breakfast just because I want to
get a smoothie and some fruit in me and
maybe some coffee before I go cuz I'm
tired here we have my little magic
bullet a little bit of spirulina because
it's so good for you and I love it in
smoothies and then just some coconut
water
[Music]
okay I'm done normally I put like
spinach and a banana in two but today I
just want to get some fruit and me some
green goodness and then yeah I only made
like a little bit normally make a bigger
smoothie cuz I'm in a rush
well I'm weird actually really like
green smoothies video it's really good
and I feel really healthy exactly what I
need after a night out so Cheers alright
let's get ready so this is the dress is
Alana the label which is actually Amanda
Stanton a contestant on The Bachelor
it's been season this really well
boots are Nine West I think and then
jewelry without these in Korea both of
them is in Korea this is Van Cleef this
was a birthday present for my parents
I'm not sure where it's from and then
that is that like tsunami these ruffles
I can't get them just hang down
come on also I blow dried my hair or
tried to but I didn't get the back and
you can see it's like Oh kinky uh I'll
try to disguise it as best I can
that's right alright let's go where we
are
in the video
[Music]
[Applause]
beyond strong look how adorable this
table is
oh my gosh I love this brand-new look
how cute my purple and gray Umbra hands
oh my gosh how cute is that
calligraphy
yeah
I know I didn't either
guys Bianca just changed my life look at
this how cool that is
you can do feel I'm freaking out I'm
actually freaking out like would you
like look how cool this looks and then
your photo just looks like that nice
full section you can follow people and
get their fill terminator bottom and if
you swap
[Music]
thank you
thank you so much
[Music]
hello everyone so I didn't really blog
that much of my night
basically I just finished doing some
work today and got some assignments done
and planned out my week a little bit I
always like to do that on Sundays so I
do quite a bit of work and then I met up
with a friend because I'm helping her
with her anthropology project and then I
went to a women in business meeting with
all our committee and board members with
my friends and we just talked about like
what we've been doing and preparing for
like the upcoming women's business
events which is awesome we have a lot
going on and then I came back to Fogo
and they were having a really cool movie
night and I got some popcorn because you
guys know how much I love popcorn so I
have to get them and now I'm just going
to get into PJs do a bit of editing
probably maybe like watch a show or
something it's been a busy day it's an
awesome day but it's been a very busy
day and it's been like so go go go so I
think I just need to like pop on a face
mask moisturize do some relaxation and
maybe watch like an episode of like Jane
the Virgin or something so we're gonna
do that oh also I do like a quick haul
of what I got this is all from be on
strong so first they gave us a workout
tee which is super nice oh it's such
good quality too it feels like really
good it's so cute I love it
I'll probably put this in my bag to wear
tomorrow for my workout and then they
gave us this little goodie bag too also
he came with a cookie but I gave the
cookie to my roommate okay a little
sweat towel this is so nice of that
bring this in my bag for yoga cuz I
always like end up having to rent the
towels at core power oh final protein
I've been meaning to try this they're
College and water ooh peach white tea
I'm gonna put this in my bag for
tomorrow that's super exciting and then
oh my gosh there's so much stuff oh here
is a vital proteins collagen peptides
this is so cool Ivan we need to try this
company out so I'm super happy mm-hmm in
this envelope
you just got oh my gosh so this is a
coupon for a free full body airbrush
spray tan which is so cool my
I'll probably use that before I go on
like a trip or something this semester
ooh plant-based protein protein power
ball's powered these look so good like I
love their branding it was so cute
everything was this beautiful shade of
purple
and it all like matched my dress
perfectly too so I love how that worked
out yeah thank you so much beyond stock
it was so great
Bella and Thalia are super sweet so yeah
today was like such a good day I don't
really want to call this like a typical
weekend in my life because it's
definitely not the typical like college
fashion we Harvard Brown the influencer
brunch like that was like a lot of fun
stuff in a weekend I do normally go out
every weekend I do some studying I
usually always take Saturday's off and
make sure to just have fun relax sleep
in I always work out a lot during the
weekend especially if I didn't do it as
much during the week I don't know there
really is no such thing as a typical
weekend but I just kind of wanted to
show you guys like kind of all that I do
like the different parts of things and
like how I spend my time you know you
got to see a good socializing a little
bit of War work for Bumble work for you
to influence her stuff her campus is
something that I'm involved with also on
campus I mean business is something I'm
involved with like helping a friend by
her project just like a bunch of stuff
that I do and like little meetings that
happen during the day alphy stuff like
all of it so yeah I have a lot going on
every weekend which usually happens like
all of the meetings happen on like
Sundays or Saturdays yeah it was a
really good weekend
I'm really happy I'm exhausted but we're
gonna go get ready for tomorrow and go
to bed yeah I'm gonna sign off here I
love you guys let me know if you want me
to do another video like this kind of
more informally like I'll probably do
like a week in my life too because there
really is no such thing as a typical day
so I'm hesitant to like do days in the
life like I'm going to but I want
everyone to know that like every day is
different obviously so just like every
weekend it's different
so I'll take you on as many of them as I
can let me know if you want me to do
this again or any other requests I love
you guys so much
I'll see you my next video bye
you
[Music]